friendly-staff/good-food/good-service/recommend;Good food & service
reservation/seat/table/waiter;Reservation & Environment 
clean/inside/nice/outside;Ambiance
hotel/night/room/stay;Visit/Stay
chef/fish/sashimi/sushi;Sea Food
awesome/definitely/highly-recommend/thank;Good dining experience
absolutely/definitely/delicious/highly-recommend;Tasty food
atmosphere/definitely/great/highly-recommend;Atmosphere & Food
fast/friendly-staff/super/yummy;Staff & Food
attentive/friendly/helpful/staff;Staff & Management
hour/line/minute/wait;Service Delays
bill/charge/dollar/spend;Value & Pricing
dish/noodle/rice/soup;Soups / Noodles
family/friend/night/recommend;Dining Experience
shrimp/street/taco/tuesday;Food & Environment in general
caesar/dress/pasta/salad;Salads / Pasta
couple/second-time/time/visit;Couple dining experience
atmosphere/favorite/husband/love;Atmosphere
attentive/bring/check/server;Staff & Service
flavor/meat/sauce/wing;Food veriety & flavors
bland/flavor/not-good/taste;Food flavors & Taste
burrito/chip/fish/salsa;Maxican Style Food
good/mexican-food/not-great/town;Mexican Food / Location
decent/much/not-bad/pretty;Decent Food experience
dinner/lunch/special/today;Food in general
clean/fast/fresh/tasty;Atmosphere & Food
because/reason/review/star;Review & Rating
crust/good-pizza/pizza/slice;Pizzas
great-atmosphere/great-food/great-service/highly-recommend;Overall great dining experience
bartender/drink/night/refill;Bar & Drinks
bacon/cheese/grill/mac-n;Fast Food
buffet/dessert/line/vegas;Buffet & Deserts
absolutely/amazing/highly-recommend/not-wait;Good Service
bacon/burger/good-burger/shake;Burgers and fast food
beer/selection/wine/wing;Beer & Wine
chicken/rice/waffle/wing;Chicken Meals / Waffles
atmosphere/enjoy/experience/meal;Dining area atmosphere
dinner/excellent/highly-recommend/wife;Family dining experience
portion/price/quality/reasonable;Food Portions & Quality
bread/pulled-pork/sandwich/turkey;Sandwitches / Meat
leave/manager/people/tell;Management & Service
feel/like/more/much;Food in gereral
atmosphere/food/good-service/quality;Ambiance & Food quality
cook/dinner/medium-rare/steak;Stake Style Food
lobster/roll/salmon/shrimp;Seafood in general
area/drive/location/visit;Location & Area
customer/great-customer/service/slow;Service 
appetizer/happy-hour/special/wing;happy-Hour / Specials
item/menu/offer/option;Menu & Offerings
breakfast/brunch/coffee/pancake;Breakfast
bread/meat/sandwich/turkey;Sandwitches & Meat
beef/noodle/rice/soup;Soups & Noodles
chef/fish/sashimi/sushi;Seafood / Sushi
customer/fast/great-customer/service;Customer Service
chinese-food/good/mexican-food/not-good;Chinese / Maxican Food
fast/friendly-staff/super/yummy;Staff & Food
attentive/friendly/helpful/staff;Reception & Staff
amazing-food/delicious-food/great-service/thank;Good Food, Good service
minute/table/wait/worth;Wait & Service
dinner/night/steak/wine;Steak & Wine 
cool/much/pretty/tasty;Good Food
absolutely/amazing/definitely/not-wait;Dining Experience
appetizer/definitely/excellent/wife;Food & Service
clean/fresh/taste/tasty;Environment & Taste
attentive/experience/server/thank;Staff & Management
absolute/favorite/mexican/mexican-food;Mexican Food
atmosphere/bartender/coffee/drink;Bar / Breakfast Experience
clean/inside/nice/owner;Ambiance & Decor
feel/like/more/taste;Food in general
dish/meat/sauce/serve;Food & Service
area/find/room/stay;Dining area & Location
absolutely/definitely/delicious/husband;Dining experience
because/reason/review/star;Review & Star Rating
crust/good-pizza/pizza/slice;Pizzeria dining
friendly-staff/good-food/good-price/good-service;Overall good dining & service
bacon/burger/good-burger/shake;burgers / Shakes
beer/selection/wine/wing;Food veriety
breakfast/burrito/coffee/pancake;Breakfast & Service
family/spot/town/year;Family Dining
chicken/rice/waffle/wing;Chicken / Wings / Deserts
chip/fish/salsa/taco;Mexican/British food
buffet/dinner/lunch/special;Buffet Service & Specials 
buffet/strip/trip/vegas;Vegas Buffet Experience
buffet/dollar/include/person;Price & Value 
couple/time/today/week;Couple Date
atmosphere/enjoy/experience/meal;Atmosphere & Food
amazing-food/excellent-service/fantastic/highly-recommend;Amazing Food & Service
portion/price/quality/reasonable;Food Quantity & Quality
caesar/dress/potato/salad;Salads & dressings
atmosphere/definitely/friendly-service/great;Atmosphere
location/not-wait/phoenix/visit;Location & Area
atmosphere/food/good-service/quality;Atmosphere & Food
bring/friend/meet/recommend;Dining Experience
awesome/bartender/definitely/not-wait;Staff & Service
atmosphere/friendly-staff/great-atmosphere/great-food;Atmosphere & Staff
cheese/grill/mac-n/steak;Stakes / Mac-n-Cheese
lobster/roll/salmon/shrimp;Sea Food / Rolls
appetizer/happy-hour/special/wing;Happy Hour / Specials
item/menu/offer/option;Menu & options
atmosphere/husband/love/yummy;Food & Environment
birthday/friend/group/night;Birthday / Group Dining
buffet/line/lunch/vegas;Buffet
arrive/later/minute/ready;Reception & Wait
crust/delivery/pizza/slice;Pizza delivery
bland/much/nice/pretty;Food Misc
close/delivery/half/hour;Delivery & Delays
friendly/member/rude/staff;Management & Staff
dish/flavor/meat/sauce;Food flavor & taste
decide/feel/hungry/leave;Food in general
experience/not-bad/not-good/not-recommend;Dining Experience
bill/bring/check/waiter;Waiter & Bill
bill/charge/dollar/spend;Bill & Money
bread/lunch/sandwich/turkey;Sandwitches
bill/bring/check/waitress;Waiter/Waitress/Bill
group/line/people/work;People & Location
change/item/lunch/menu;Lunch / Food
feel/like/more/smell;Smell
check/hotel/room/stay;Hotel Stay
because/not-want/reason/star;Review & Stars
drive/employee/location/love;Location & Area
breast/chicken/piece/waffle;Chicken / Waffle
high/not-worth/price/quality;Value for money
cold/food/poisoning/quality;Food Quality
beef/bowl/noodle/soup;Soups & Noodles
bartender/beer/happy-hour/selection;Beer/Drink Selection
manager/phone/speak/tell;management in general
cook/medium/medium-rare/steak;Stakes
average/good/mediocre/not-taste;Average dining Experience
customer/employee/owner/rude;Bad Staff Behavior
bacon/cheese/grill/mac-n;Grilled Food
horrible/service/slow/terrible;Bad dining experience
bread/cold/plate/serve;Bread / Food quality
dinner/husband/meal/night;Dinner Experience
chair/dirty/hostess/table;Dining Area
chip/fish/salsa/taco;Finger food
bland/horrible/money/taste;Bad taste / Value
bill/bring/check/server;Bill & Service
bartender/drink/happy-hour/refill;Drinks in general
money/not-waste/time/waste;Pricing & Value (Negative)
love/more/review/year;Review & Rating
buffalo/cold/sauce/wing;Buffalo Wings / Sauces
bacon/breakfast/coffee/pancake;Breakfast / Coffee
hostess/party/reservation/seat;Service & Reservation
line/long/not-worth/wait;Wait & Delay
bacon/burger/cook/patty;Burgers & Fast food
fish/roll/sashimi/sushi;Fish & Sushi
bring/glass/refill/water;Drinks
caesar/dress/lettuce/salad;Salads
bean/burrito/rice/shrimp;Food in general
away/door/stand/walk;Dining Experience